hello everyone and welcome to firepower
studio where today I'm bringing you guys
a texture pack review on a custom spooky
Halloween PvP resource pack let's go
ahead and let's jump right into this
thing all right so right before we get
into this I just want to emphasize the
fact that this is a PvP texture pack so
we focused mainly on the items used in
PvP but before we enter the castle here
I just want to show you guys a little
bit of stuff that we did with the user
interface as you can see the hearts are
little ghosts they look really cool and
the hunger bar is Jack the lanterns and
those look really nice and we have this
ghost right here on our inventory that
says boot it's a transparent inventory
so you can see behind it maybe a player
running at you like that so that's very
cool but we also have the ghost behind
there that says boo alright so the first
chest we have here is all of the custom
swords as you can see the swords have a
orange and gold handle and that's going
to be on every sword we put the same
handle on all the swords and you can
tell that each sword has its own a nice
difference on it and I think the swords
look really good in this habit hack it
is a 512 sword I know it looks like in
8-bit sword but it is actually shaded to
be 512 so it looks really nice next over
here in this chest we have our bow our
arrows our Flint and our fishing rod so
these are kind of your essential
accessories when you are playing PvP as
you can see the arrows look very nice
they are 512 arrows and our bow is a 512
oranga bow as you can see when we charge
this thing up and shoot it it actually
has candy particles that looks really
cool so we shoot a villager and miss the
first time our fire it is a red fire and
if you walk through it's the low kind of
fire that keeps things are nice and low
and as you can see my little parts down
below and losing the ghost part step
into fires a little bit more but that's
how that works we go over here to our
fishing rod as you can see when you
throw it out it is a little a
jack-o'-lantern on the end of it which
looks really really cool next over here
in this chest we have our golden apples
or super golden apples and they're
pearls in Chaman and fire charge so as
you can see our
golden apples are a little Jack lanterns
which look really cool in the few items
you can see that we get the two extra
yellow hearts which are in fact yellow
too and if we hit ourselves with our
bottle of enchantment our XP bar down
below is orange and right here we have
our ender pearl the ender pearl looks
really sweet not very spooky but just a
cool under pearl and our spooky fire
charge that we've just kind of won with
the theme of the whole Halloween over
here in this last chest I just have some
food items that you will find playing
PvP these are 512 items that look very
nice as you can see very detailed food
items which I love I love when like food
items look really realistic so that's a
really cool addition to this extra pack
so let's go ahead let's grab a sword and
let's go ahead and take a look at these
particle effects that we get when we
start killing our village villagers if
you get a critical hit you are going to
get the candy particle the same as the
particles that you get when you shoot
your bow and your arrow and there are
also a few simpler additions that we did
kind of hide in there that I haven't
spoken about yet because I want you guys
to be able to download this texture pack
and see what we've added in what we've
done with it because a few of the things
that we did add go beyond the PvP so I
think some of you will find those really
nice and really cool to have so thank
you guys for watching I hope you did
enjoy this texture pack review the
download link will be in the description
of the video hope you guys download it
and enjoy and let me know what your
favorite part about the texture pack is
I am firepower I am out I will catch you
all later peace